1. Pixels should be controls on a strip displayed in the window however we shouldnt have a set for every frame
	instead we should have background pixels that exchange with the display pixels reducing memory
2. Strips should be straight in nature and can be grouped together to make advanced shapes.
3. 3D geometry and paths are used to define the pixel strip
4. Linked transitions i.e. a delay transition is linked to a gradient, stacked transitions
5. tool box
	a. Pointer (arrow) for selecting?
	b. Paint bucket for fill
	c. Paint brush for single pixel color
	d. scissors for cutting out pixels?
	e. Eye Dropper
	f. 
	A tool should be able to work with the selected frame or the set of frames i.e. make all pixel 1 black etc.
6. Layers
	A. Allow users to create layers at the frame level so two frames can be layered and combined into one resulting frame
	B. Layers can have masks which mask off pixels that shouldn't be effected
7. Plugins
	A. User can create them
		1. Fade - start at current and fade to a specific level i.e. not always clear
		2. Rotate - left, right, center out, out to center
		3. Delay - done
		4. Gradient - done
		5. Audio Synch? Allow users to set colors and effects based on music frequency?
		6. Audio transform which transforms a frame based on an audio track.  The user can configure the colors for each frequency

		Hover over a plugin and see it animate as it will in the document
		Need a context menu for when on film strip to delete it

8. Heirarchy
	A. Controller
		1. Movie
			i. Frame
				a. Strip
					1. Pixel
					2. Pixel
				b. Strip
					1. Pixel
					2. Pixel
				<< Transition(s) ?  between frames are transitions and are transitions specific to all or single strips?  Time will have to be the same across strips
			ii. Frame
				a. Strip
					1. Pixel
					2. Pixel
				b. Strip
					1. Pixel
					2. Pixel
		2. Movie
			i. Frame
				a. Strip
					1. Pixel
					2. Pixel
				b. Strip
					1. Pixel
					2. Pixel

A controller will have a set of strips associated with it that will define how many strips each frame can have inside of a movie.  This will require
that we will need to only allow each frame to have at most the same number of strips that the controller supports.

3D Model allows drag and drop of strips along a path
standard view should allow strips to be arranged and bent in a 2D frame

Commands / Commands et
Need a base command that can be sent and received.  Will want to be able to send in various formats depending on target.
Commands should be derived from a common base and inherited from.  Each command should be resent if not acknowledged.
Each command once acknowledged will be discarded.

Server / client model with the PC as the server and the controller boards as the clients.  Clients will "ping" when they first come up for any servers.  Servers will ask
clients to announce themselves on start and periodically to pick up stragglers.

BoardId - Int16 for easy manipulation on an arduino or similar, will be the last 4 bytesof the mac address
Version - Int16 as above

Pins:
	Id
	Type

Command set:
1. Client
	a. Announce availability
		i. Presence
			- client id
			- client version
			- client type
		ii. PresenceAck
			- id,
			- version
			- type
	b. Send Configuration
	    -0.  board id
		0.   board type
		i.   strip count
		ii.  strip lengths
		iii. strip color - 0 - 7, 0 = solid, 1 = red, 2 = green, 4 = blue, 8 = yellow? if solid type
		iv.  strip type, 0 = LPD8806, 1, WS2812, solid color, multi color non-addressable
		v.   pin(s) based on type for user defined, can be supplied by led phoenix boards so people can choose spi over bitbang
	c. Send capabilities
	d. Send status
	e. Request item
2. Server
	a. Announce availability
		i. Presence
			- server id
			- server version
	b. Request Configuration
		i.  board id
	c. Set Configuration
	    i.	 board id
		ii.	 board type
		iii. strip count
		iv.  strip lengths
		v.   strip type
		vi.  strip color if solid type
		vii. pin(s) based on type
	c. Request capabilities? - same as configuration?
	d. Request Status
	e. Send Item
		- items have and id, and a number of colors for said id
		- basically a single frame
	f. Send movie
		- movies made of items
	g. Send Asset
	h. Send show command
		1. Play movie
		2. Store movie
		3. Delete movie

// Movies will have frames
// frames will have pixels
// can broad cast to all boards using 0 as the board id		